Fallback for _execute_browser_action (#34091)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/add-ons/webextensions/manifest.json/commands/index.md

</tbody>
</table>

> > **Note:** Users can define custom shortcuts for the browser action, which are saved against `_execute_browser_action` or `_execute_action`. When an extension is migrated to Manifest V3 to use {{WebExtAPIRef("action")}} API or the [action](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/manifest.json/action) key, the user-defined shortcuts stored against `_execute_browser_action` are not migrated to `_execute_action`. From Firefox 127, to prevent the loss of user-defined shortcuts, when there are no user shortcuts for `_execute_action`, but there are for `_execute_browser_action`, the user shortcuts defined in `_execute_browser_action` are used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** If the user changed the shortcut of the `_execute_browser_action` command, it will automatically carry over to the `_execute_action` command when the extension migrates from Manifest Version 2 to 3. This was implemented in Chrome 111 and Firefox 127.
```

The previous text was very verbose and gave the incorrect impression that there can be two concurrent valid commands. Here is a suggestion to make it shorter (also added Chrome version). Please copy edit as needed.

If you need more content, see https://github.com/w3c/webextensions/issues/301

Author: ```suggestion
> **Note:** If the user changed the shortcut of the `_execute_browser_action` command, it is automatically carry over to the `_execute_action` command when the extension migrates from Manifest Version 2 to 3. This was implemented in Chrome 111 and Firefox 127.
```
